.TH FMBT-TRACE-SHARE 1 "Jan 2014" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
fmbt\-trace\-share \- share covered traces between fmbt instances
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY fmbt\-trace\-share
.OP \-k
.OP \-l \fILOGFILE\fR
.OP \-s \fISESSION\fR
.OP \-S
.
.SY fmbt\-trace\-share
.B \-h
|
.B \-\-help
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBfmbt\-trace\-share\fR stores every executed action from every
\fBfmbt\fR that participates the SESSION, and shares the data with
other \fBfmbt\fR instances in the session. \fBfmbt\fR instances can
join and exit the SESSION freely, and they can locally use different
coverage measures.

Every SESSION has a server process that shares the data. If there is
no server running for a session when the first \fBfmbt\fR instance
tries to connect to it, the server is automatically launched. Servers
exit by default when the last \fBfmbt\fR exits the session. This can
be overriden with \fB\-k\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
print help, then exit
.TP
.B \-k
keep session server alive after the last \fBfmbt\fR disconnects
.TP
.B \-l \fILOGFILE\fR
write session server log to LOGFILE. Servers do not write log by
default.
.TP
.B \-s \fISESSION\fR
establish or connect to SESSION. SESSION is a natural number, the
default is 0.
.TP
.B \-S
launch only server for the session, do not act as a client.
.SH EXAMPLES
\fBcoverage = shared(ssh user@host "fmbt-trace-share -s 42", perm(2))\fR

.fi
this fMBT test configuration line makes \fBfmbt\fR share executed
traces between all instances that have connected to session 42. The
session is hosted by \fBfmbt\-trace\-share\fR server running on
\fBhost\fR.

\fBfmbt\-trace\-share -S -k\fR
.br
\fBfmbt \-o 'coverage=shared(fmbt\-trace\-share, perm(1, "i:smoke.*"))' test.conf && \\\fR
.br
\fBfmbt \-o 'coverage=shared(fmbt\-trace\-share, perm(1))' test.conf\fR

.fi
Launch trace share session 0. The first \fBfmbt\fR runs a test that
covers all actions with "i:smoke" prefix (and actions that need to be
executed to cover those). The second \fBfmbt\fR runs a test that
covers all actions, but considers all actions covered by the first
\fBfmbt\fR already covered.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Antti Kervinen.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/01org/fMBT/issues
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014 Intel Corporation.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR fmbt (1)
.PP
\fBshared\fR coverage in test configuration
.br
\fIdoc/configuration.txt\fR
