.TH PYTHONSHARE-SERVER 1 "Mar 2014" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
pythonshare\-server \- Code mobility server for Python
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY pythonshare\-server
.OP \-d
.OP \-l LOGFILE
.OP \-p PORT
.OP \-\-password ALG:HASH
.OP \-\-password-file FILE
.OP \-\-interface interface
.OP \-n NS
.OP \-E HOSTSPEC
.OP \-I HOSTSPEC
.OP \-i CODE
.SY pythonshare\-server
.B \-h
|
.B \-\-help
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBpythonshare\-server\fR launches a Python process that enables
executing arbitrary Python code in local namespaces (\fINS\fR) or in
connected \fBpythonshare-server\fR processes, if their namespaces have
been imported or exported (\fB\-E\fR, \fB\-I\fR) to this process.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
print help, then exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
\fBpythonshare-server \-\-password=md5:06c219e5bc8378f3a8a3f83b4b7e4649 \\
        \-n mylocal \\
        \-i "from mylibrary import *" \\
        -d\fR

.fi
launches the server in debug mode: does not fork a daemon, logs to
standard output. Clients connecting to this server must authenticate
with password "mysecret".  The server has one namespace:
"mylocal". Code block "from mylibrary import *" will be executed in
this namespace before executing any client code in the namespace can
be run. The server process listens to only the local network
interface, because \fB--interface all\fR has not been given.

\fBpythonshare-client \-\-password\-file=mypwd.txt \-C localhost \\
        \-n mylocal \\
        \-c "a=41" \\
        \-e "a+1"\fR

.fi
connects to the server, authenticates with the password in mypwd.txt,
executes code block "a=41" in the \fBmylocal\fR namespace, and finally
evaluates expression "a+1" in the same
namespace. \fBpythonshare-client\fR prints return values of evaluated
expressions to standard output.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Antti Kervinen.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to https://github.com/01org/fMBT/issues
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2014 Intel Corporation.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR pythonshare\-client (1)
